This package unites four spectrally accurate fast Ewald methods:

     - SE:         3-periodic Laplace (electrostatics)
     - SE2P:       2-periodic Laplace (electrostatics)
     - SE_Stokes   3-periodic Stokeslet (viscous flow)
     - SE2P_Stokes 2-periodic Stokeslet (viscous flow)	

Each directory contains an m-file that implements the method, and a
basic accuracy/convergence script that shows how to use it. From any
one of these directories, do: 

> init          % sets up paths 
> make          % builds all necessary mex C code 
> test_accuracy % should see plot of spectral convergence

The package also contains:
    1) 'util' Common functions
    2) 'SE_fast_gridding' C implementation of fast Gaussian gridding (below)
    3) 'SE_direct' C-code for direct Ewald sums for Laplace 2P/3P
    4) 'SE_Stokes_direct' C-code for direct Ewald sums for Stokes 2P/P3
    
The FGG and direct summation C implementations (which are substantial)
are better than any other versions scattered in the original
implementations of the four SE methods. Only bare-bones
implementations of SE methods included in this package. Associated
methods for e.g. fast real-space summation are not included. These can
be found in the original implementation directories, and may need to
be integrated before they work. Original implementations include
Matlab-implementations of FGG and direct summation, which are not
part of this package.

Notes on fast Gaussian gridding: 

    1) Common mex wrappers are included, compiled from application
       makefiles (above) or from the matlab verification tests found in
       'Xp_matlab_impl'

    2) Stand-alone C test code found in 'testing', useful for debugging and
       checking for memory leaks.

    3) The FGG C-code contains comments that are meant to be helpful.

    4) By default, manually implemented SSE2 implementations are bypassed,
       see comments in SE_fgg.c

    5) There are remnants of OpenMP parallelization to be found throughout.
       It is easy to add appropriate work-sharing loop directives,
       particularly in the from-grid part. The most mature OpenMP can be 
       found in the original SE2P implementation (not in this package)

All code written by Dag Lindbo (dag@kth.se) in various revisions from
the summer of 2009 through 2011. Anna-Karin Tornberg
(annak@nada.kth.se) own the right to distribute this code as she sees
fit. Modifications and extensions are encouraged in the academic spirit.

Stockholm, February 12:th 2012,
Dag Lindbo
